hey guys this is crispy crispy ventures
here and since I reviewed the manga a
while ago like last week I now have we
cross since I mentioned before i'm
thinking of dropping buddyfight since
there's nobody in my city that really
plays buddyfight I thought it'd be a
good idea to play something else i have
here we cross i have no clue how the
game works i thought was a cool mechanic
watching the anime so whoever watches
the anime should know how this game
should work but i'll open all these up
first of all we will go promo card CD
then the deck and for the deck i will
probably put a link on the bottom so you
know but the car just do and what they
look like they had no clue is these
cards do i just hope this card in here
is something i could use for the white
deck and not for one of my friends who
places place ah yeah as green I got
Midori I thought obviously I could use
but it's not so when the guys I know you
guys see this I could give you her
because you could probably use her she's
a you know that was left down there
excited for nothing back in the bag
sleeve yo over there okay this is the
opening CD runs in back so okay rip it
nope I think it's in my pair scissors
again that's just a knife so this is the
opening CD for the opening song for the
opening of was it called in here select
they're infected Lee cross so the
opening CD limited edition because
that's how i roll when i buy CDs from
people i never download sometimes but i
usually buy the cds from opening anime
songs so that's the opening kili kili
joker it's actually pretty good wrong
but i just want to know if there's
anything else inside of here so there's
this so you go normal car got a promo
card that's too but you don't only promo
card you get is this one so this is just
the opening song with the DVD so yeah
the opening song there the deviant back
which is probably region code to I can't
play it yeah this region region code to
their in a corner if you can make it out
so I got a barber sub-region co 2 DVD
player well that's the CD in the back so
pretty good pretty cool alright gotta
close the cover looks cool all right now
on to the we cross deck now let's get it
opened I should have pre cut this off
for you started the video oh you need me
to cut it one piece there are no cuts
nope don't they're still tape on the
side curse you tape I can't see haha
don't think the moral of this game when
reading the rules that i found I've been
translated online that you get set in
life when you attack and do stuff to
stuff like any other game piece of the
game revolves around like our game was
it again basically matches this I think
I want to say Duel Masters looks like
dual master so you get to two of these
lovely sleeves honestly as playmats
Fight Club Decalogue free trash and of
course all the rules are on the back I
can't read the rules but I have a
translation on these online somewhere
let's get two of them that's pretty cool
I could use one for practice and keep
one in good condition
and we got the decks now basically this
game is like two two decks you got one
deck for your large or leg argh you have
one deck for your spell's and other
characters so freaking out a lot of
people playing this online right now or
playing it online playing it up hype by
this and then another deck which is the
black deck and probably a box but we
will see we shall see so that's what it
is they're so let's crack open both of
them and see what they are medium a pack
rats i keep everything okay let's divide
this up so that's the white deck and
white deck okay so this is your main
card here is tama so then you got extra
other levels now so it was hot before
four three two one and it up spells
within the deck you see the decks are
different this is all white cards so
this is ely argh deck leaguer wow this
girl spelled backwards so explain that
much so we got these cards now
see you four of these use like vanilla
cards too so some have effects to please
don't Sonia for those for her which I
know what they do look if I know doesn't
do anything and also quote at the bottom
here cheer for her for her for her most
likely for her sees this like spells and
counters and I think these are the costs
or levels you only play these when
because these are a particular level to
play them so that's pretty cool how the
whole back was English to you see that
you pause the screen here and read that
so this is we cross I'm probably of
course going to drop buddy fight for
this game instead now because it looks
more promising and more exciting to play
but we shall see is leave a comment the
bottom there talking what you guys think
I should drop this game or should I keep
playing and the chorus leave comments my
decisions of Y or was it smarting me the
drop buddyfight I think it kind of is
because look at that card little cool
that looks look at here the Tama and
there's no the cards x1 play as well
then we'll see we'll see you in time
what happens so leave a comment what you
guys think and thank you all for
watching